NextJS guide fixes (#967)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/guides/tina-cloud/getting-started/markdown-plugin.md

### A quick test

> Restart your application by shutting it down and running `yarn tina-dev` and enter edit mode, you will see the body now has Markdown options to make editing easier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart your application by shutting it down and running `yarn tina-dev`. Be sure you're in edit mode and you will see the body now has Markdown options to make editing easier:
```

Just thinking they'll be in edit mode already from the previous steps, but if they're not they no how to get there
